the canvas business model we're going to
apply a kitchen restaurant
Italian call constituted and is
represented by a natural person
maybe it does not come to market with stratum
high socioeconomic level since it is
place them on the wheel of the town this
restaurant has an atmosphere
family and business however the
potential clientele are couples
between 25 and 50 years since the restaurant
Roman environment profession
partizán does not lie in the elaboration of
your peace since it is prepared with
high quality ingredients that what
they differ from the others
it also has the innovative factor
to combine different ingredients like
is the lemon tiramisu child dessert that
it is digestive
the only distribution channel of the
restaurant is the same point of sale
Well, we have the service of
address or with another type of method
distribution
attracting customers through
spreading on social networks where people
You can find relevant information
About the products prices and
Location
new people also come to see the
Sophisticated restaurant design
It is a design that calls a lot
attention besides law besides the
good food and excellent attention
restaurant grants discounts on dates
special
with two important sources of income
The primary one is the sale
I ate and liquors
and on the other hand the rent of spaces
for entrepreneurs
the most important physical resource of
restaurant is the high oven
technology since it allows a reduction
in the times of preparation
and as human resources is the being that
has good experience and the
waitresses who are trained to provide
good customer service
the restaurant basically has
three activities that are the
storage production
commercialization
storage is the initial stage
that just supplies the raw material
for the development of the operation
productive production in that
moment where the raw material is
transforms into a given product and the
marketing in the final stage something
from law to product
artist no longer has the support of
noble wines that in addition to providing them with
product offers you the sponsorship of
refrigerators for wines and wooden tables
also has suppliers
important as scorpion which is a
liquor company and flour 'of
gold
the artisan restaurant has as
fixed costs leasing services
public work payments and the voucher
match that is the monthly payment of
parking service for people and how
variable costs has the raw material
labor and maintenance
refrigerators ovens among others